# COVID-19 Vaccine Tweets Sentiment Classification

### Abstract

The possibility of contagion of COVID-19 has generated some fear in the world population, therefore, it is very likely that a large majority agree to be vaccinated against this virus. However, much has been speculated about the possible risks that vaccines can have. This has caused part of the population to speak out against being vaccinated. Social networks have allowed this diversity of opinions to be shared with millions of users, who can be influenced either in favor or against the COVID-19 vaccine. Knowing the perceptions of people around this vaccine on Twitter can be of great support for the authorities to take measures that allow them to achieve a high vaccination rate. Throughout this research, sentiment analysis will be performed to analyze the predominant sentiment on tweets regarding their origin place. The Cross-Industry Standard Process for Data Mining (CRISP-DM) methodology will be used to identify the classifying algorithm that predicts better whether the sentiment label of a tweet post regarding the COVID-19 vaccines is positive, negative, or neutral. Four classification algorithms will be analyzed: Decision Tree, Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, and XGBoost Classifier. For each algorithm, the mean accuracy was obtained as a measure to find out which classifier outperforms the others and thus be more suitable for the tweets' classification. The obtained model could be used to identify people's perceptions concerning the COVID-19 vaccines in social networks and find out their acceptance in any segment of the population.
